Document SourceMod require ShowMenu whitelist for plugins to show menus (#386)
NeotokyoRebuild/neo: README.md

    * Double check on the log that VAC is disabled before continuing
7. In-game on Windows it'll showup in the server list, on Linux it probably won't and you'll have to use `connect` command directly (EX: `connect 192.168.1.###` for LAN server)

### SourceMod server modification plugins

> [SourceMod](https://www.sourcemod.net/) plugins generally works with NT;RE, however it'll need to be added to the `ShowMenu` whitelist before the menu will work. To do this:
> 1. Go to directory `addons/sourcemod/gamedata/core.games` and you'll see `common.games.txt`
> 2. Create the directory `custom` and copy `common.games.txt` over to there
> 3. Open `custom/common.games.txt` and scrolldown till you see "Which games support ShowMenu?" comment
> 4. Add `neo` to that supported list like this: `"game" "neo"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SourceMod](https://www.sourcemod.net/) plugins should generally work with NT;RE, however they have to be added to the `ShowMenu` whitelist to make the menu display properly. To do this:
1. Go to directory `addons/sourcemod/gamedata/core.games` where you should find `common.games.txt`
2. Create the directory `custom` and make a copy of `common.games.txt` into it
3. Open `custom/common.games.txt` and look for a comment that says "Which games support ShowMenu?"
4. Add `neo` to that list like this: `"game" "neo"`
```
